Document filename requirements in C# global classes (#10078)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/c_sharp/c_sharp_global_classes.rst

C# global classes
=================

> Global classes (also known as named scripts) are types registered in Godot's
> editor so they can be used more conveniently. In GDScript, this is achieved
> using the ``class_name`` keyword at the top of a script. This page describes how
> to achieve the same effect in C#.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global classes (also known as named scripts) are types registered in Godot's
editor so they can be used more conveniently.
:ref:`In GDScript <doc_gdscript_basics_class_name>`, this is achieved
using the ``class_name`` keyword at the top of a script. This page describes how
to achieve the same effect in C#.
```
If we mention the GDScript implementation, we might as well link to it.

    {
    }

.. warning::

    The file name (without the ``.cs`` extension) must match the class name

>     in **case-sensitive** fashion, as per C# language requirements.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this sound as if it's a restriction imposed by the C# language. The C# guidelines **do** recommend to do this, but it's not enforced. It's only enforced by Godot on C# classes that are used as scripts.

To be honest, I can't come up with something better. Maybe we can just remove the "as per C# language requirements" part?

>     The file name (without the ``.cs`` extension) must match the class name
>     in **case-sensitive** fashion, as per C# language requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The file name must match the class name in **case-sensitive** fashion,
    as per C# language requirements. For example, a global class named 
    "MyNode" must have a file name of ``MyNode.cs``, not ``myNode.cs``.

```

The phrase "without the ``.cs`` extension" read as slightly ambiguous to me.

.. warning::

    The Godot editor will hide these custom classes with names that begin with the prefix

>     "Editor" in the 'Create New Node' or 'Create New Scene' dialog windows. The classes
>     are available for instantiation at runtime via their class names, but are
>     automatically hidden by the editor windows along with the built-in editor nodes used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Editor" in the Create New Node or Create New Scene dialog windows. The classes
    are available for instantiation at runtime via their class names, but are
    automatically hidden by the editor windows along with the built-in editor nodes used
```
Use of single quotes `'` for the window names struck me as out of place. There's no real standard here, but no quotes seems most common.
![Code_IwuKlHLJl0](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3acb7d03-07d0-433d-8705-d92d212602c1)
